So thanks again for enrolling in this
course and actually congratulations for
getting to the very end.
I hope you've actually enjoyed this
course and got a lot of value from it.
Now I don't know whether you know but
I've actually got a lot of other
programming courses what I've done is
compiled a list of all my courses along
with a special discount link for you in
the very next lecture. So I feel
confident that if you've enjoyed this
course that you're going to be surely
enjoy these other courses that I've got.
So I'm going to end the video here now
and ask you to move on to the next
lecture and you get to I see a list of
all those courses and you can click
through to any of them to find out more
information. Thank you! Cheers for now!